okay cobra fans today we're going to
show you our fresh 1965 suit performance
mark 3 Cobra beautiful corn Guardsmen
blue with a white racing stripes the
beautiful hood scoop by Shelby
absolutely beautiful piece
riding on real hologram wheels
Goodyear tires
silver ceramic coated exhaust system
it's got the double roll bar there so if
you actually took this car on a track
you can have someone else in the car
with you otherwise if you have just a
single one you can't take anybody with
you on the track that will be a blast
especially in something like this
beautiful German leather interior
lots and lots of attention to detail in
this car superformance builds the finest
coba replicas in the world they don't
even like to call them replicas but they
are they are licensed by Carroll Shelby
and they're the only ones licensed to
use the name Cobra got your reverse
shifter there that's that of a Mustang
any richer I'll just walk around the
other side got your gas cap filler here
for back in the racing days the paint is
absolutely beautiful in the car actually
everything else I'm gonna try to open
the trunk here for you here we go
this car comes with its own car cover it
comes with its tonneau cover a full
tonneau cover convertible top and side
windows they're all included with the
car and they all look like brand new
take a vegan here rich what can you tell
us about the incident well one of the
things the fact that they are licensed
by Shelby Americans everything is
accurate to the original car Smith's
cages all Lucas toggle switches even
down to the bent Mustang shifter for the
427 style cars but the fit and finish is
superb it is a handmade car by
superformance and then of course once
the car comes here to the US the motors
fit into the owners choice all right let
me take a quick peek under the hood here
get the hood lock down right there spin
them around there it is right there this
is a 392 cubic inch stroker motor very
high revving very strong pushes out
about 420 horsepower actually I'll just
hold of it up all right rich if you want
fire that force let's hear that sweet
Rumble
tober dress up get on being Holly border
it is title in the 90
very important
your listeners be wrong
spectacular give me a call my name is
Jeff what
five six to nine 319
do
you